hi today we're gonna learn how to make a
parade not parade that's just a fancy
term to say I'm bringing my lead rope
with me on a trail ride I feel like me
you like to always have your lead rope
with you so that way you can keep your
halter on your horse have your lead rope
put your bridle on and if you need to
tie up while you're out on the trail
you still have your leaf road right
there with you so I said we got our
halter we got our little bit of lead
rope
I believe this lead rope is 12 feet long
I think and I got that up and around her
neck I put it fairly high up on her neck
to make this knot because it does get
looser when you're finished with it so
we got our dangly end we've got the end
go into our our halter you're gonna take
your Dingley in here loop it back up and
hold on to it so now you got one two
three take the rest of your dangly in
and start wrapping it around all three
ends right there and make it kind of
tight you don't want it to be loose if
you get things loose that's when you
start getting cocky things when you get
to the end you don't have much more to
go like I do I just got a little tag
sitting out there you still get your
loop here you go put your tag three loop
then I hold on to it your head to me
either end up here you know pull it and
you'll notice that loop gets smaller and
it holds on to that for you and the
other end you can slip up and down so
you can make it tightly long loop or you
can loosen it all up and put it further
back on their neck and that's your
breath on when you get to a spot where
you actually need to tie up your horse
on the trail ride this little tail end
that we got here you're going to take
that out of the loop it on around with a
pretty little backing out there
and you're ready to go tie your horse
back up girl let's do that one more time
hide up on the neck you get your two
parts take your tail in move it up then
you just go start wrapping all that that
was in your hand wrap it nice and tight
when you get to the end tuck your tail
into the whatever is remaining of your
loop tighten your loop sometimes you
might need to pull the tail a little
more through like that one loose and as
I said this slides up and down the rope
we can leave it nice and loose or if you
want it higher up on their neck you can
spot there personally I like leaving it
nice and loose where it's lower on their
neck keeps them out of trouble for the
most part those are you guys wondering
we just made a nuisance around their
horse's neck that's pretty much what a
frayed knot is it's a newt when you're
ready take out your little tail apple
and you ready to tie up on your picket
line to a tree or whatever you need to
do or just hang on to it let your horse
munch away Evan well you're on the trip
take care have a great day